"Compiled" form means the compiled bytecode, object code, binary,
"Contributor" means any party that has contributed code or other
"Copyright Holder" means the individual(s) or organization(s)
"Distribute" means providing a copy of the Package or making it
"Distributor Fee" means any fee that you charge for Distributing
"Gubblebum Blocky" font
"Modified Version" means the Package, if it has been changed, and
"Node.js" trademark Joyent, Inc.  npm is not officially part of the Node.js
"Original License" means this Artistic License as Distributed with
"Package" means the collection of files distributed by the
"Source" form means the source code, documentation source, and
"Standard Version" refers to the Package if it has not been
"You" and "your" means any person who would like to copy,
"npm Logo" created by Mathias Pettersson and Brian Hammond,
(1)  You are permitted to use the Standard Version and create and use
(10)  Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or
(11)  If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified
(12)  This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark,
(13)  This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide,
(14)  Disclaimer of Warranty:
(2)  You may Distribute verbatim copies of the Source form of the
(3)  You may apply any bug fixes, portability changes, and other
(4)  You may Distribute your Modified Version as Source (either gratis
(5)  You may Distribute Compiled forms of the Standard Version without
(6)  You may Distribute a Modified Version in Compiled form without
(7)  You may aggregate the Package (either the Standard Version or
(8) You are permitted to link Modified and Standard Versions with
(9) Works (including, but not limited to, modules and scripts) that
(a)  make the Modified Version available to the Copyright Holder
(b)  ensure that installation of your Modified Version does not
(c)  allow anyone who receives a copy of the Modified Version to
(i)  the Original License or
(ii)  a license that permits the licensee to freely copy,
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim) against any party alleging
--------
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Aggregating or Linking the Package
All rights reserved.
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
Compiled form of the Package.
Copyright (c) 2000-2006, The Perl Foundation.
Copyright (c) by Tjarda Koster, http://jelloween.deviantart.com
Copyright (c) npm, Inc. and Contributors
Copyright Holder may include your modifications in the Standard
Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection and/or of
DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE, EVEN IF
Definitions
Distribution of Compiled Forms of the Standard Version
Distribution of Modified Versions of the Package as Source
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
Fees are allowed.
General Provisions
Holder.
IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THE IMPLIED
If you provide valid instructions or cease distribution within thirty
Items That are Not Considered Part of a Modified Version
LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTOR WILL
Modified Version) provided that you clearly document how it differs
Modified Version) with other packages and Distribute the resulting
Modified Versions for any purpose without restriction, provided that
Modified Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using,
NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY YOUR LOCAL
Package available as open source and free software.
Package may be copied, modified, distributed, and/or redistributed.
Package will still be considered the Standard Version, and as such
Package.  Distributor Fees are permitted, and licensing fees for other
Packages published in the npm registry (other than the Software and
Permission for Use and Modification Without Distribution
Permissions for Redistribution of the Standard Version
Preamble
Standard Version of this Package in any medium without restriction,
THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
The Artistic License 2.0
The intent is that the Copyright Holder maintains some artistic
The text of the License follows:
This license establishes the terms under which a given free software
This program uses several Node modules contained in the node_modules/
Version made by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required
Version, and of any works derived from it, be made freely
Version, or a Modified Version.
Version.
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
You are always permitted to make arrangements wholly outside of this
a different licensing arrangement.
accessible to anyone else, or in the case of a company or
addition, the Modified Version must bear a name that is different
aggregation provided that you do not charge a licensing fee for the
all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.  At
any non-standard features, executables, or modules, and provided that
apply to the use and Distribution of the Standard or Modified Versions
as included in the aggregation.
available in that license fees are prohibited but Distributor
build stand-alone binary or bytecode versions of applications that
by the Copyright Holder.
components in the aggregation are permitted. The terms of this license
configuration files for the Package.
considered parts of the Package itself, and are not subject to the
control over the development of that Package while still keeping the
date that such litigation is filed.
days after you become aware that the instructions are invalid, then
distribute, or modify the Package.
either gratis or for a Distributor Fee, provided that you duplicate
free-of-charge patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell,
from the Standard Version, including, but not limited to, documenting
from the name of the Standard Version.
get the Source of the Standard Version.  Such instructions must be
include the Package, and Distribute the result without restriction,
included for use in the npm website and documentation,
infringed by the Package. If you institute patent litigation
infringement, then this Artistic License to you shall terminate on the
it may be modified by The Perl Foundation in the future.
its included dependencies) are not part of npm itself, are the sole
license directly with the Copyright Holder of a given Package.  If the
license.
licensing terms that apply to the copy that the licensee
make of the Package, you should contact the Copyright Holder and seek
make the Source form of the Modified Version available to others
material to the Package, in accordance with the Copyright Holder's
merely extend or make use of the Package, do not, by themselves, cause
modifications made available from the Copyright Holder.  The resulting
modified, or has been modified only in ways explicitly requested
modify and redistribute the Modified Version using the same
modifying or distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not
must provide new instructions on demand or cease further distribution.
named in the copyright notice for the entire Package.
npm is released under the Artistic License 2.0.
of the Standard Version, under the Original License, so that the
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
or Modified Versions without the Source
or any other form resulting from mechanical transformation or
or for a Distributor Fee, and with or without a Compiled form of the
organization, to others outside of your company or organization.
other works, to embed the Package in a larger work of your own, or to
party.  It does not mean licensing fees.
patent claims licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily
prevent the user installing or running the Standard Version. In
procedures.
project, and is neither owned by nor affiliated with Joyent, Inc.
property of their respective maintainers, and are not covered by
provided the result does not expose a direct interface to the Package.
received, and requires that the Source form of the Modified
sell, import and otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any
service mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.
subdirectory, according to the terms of their respective licenses.
such changes were not explicitly requested by the Copyright
terms of this license do not permit the full use that you propose to
terms of this license.
that the Package constitutes direct or contributory patent
the Package to be a Modified Version.  In addition, such works are not
the Source of the Modified Version.
the Source, provided that you comply with Section 4 with respect to
the Source, provided that you include complete instructions on how to
the Standard Version of the Package, in its current version or as
this Package or providing support for this Package to another
this license.
those files. A given Package may consist of either the Standard
time while you are carrying out such distribution, become invalid, you
to ensure that your Modified Version complies with the requirements of
translation of the Source form.
under
use, modify, or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this
used with permission.
valid at the time of your distribution.  If these instructions, at any
will be subject to the Original License.
you do at least ONE of the following:
you do not Distribute the Modified Version.
you do not forfeit any of your rights under this license.
your discretion, such verbatim copies may or may not include a
